all right it's been cooked 30 minutes so
you can skim out all the impurity
several times I did and I can strain it
because I need the broth that's why I
don't strain it right onto the sink and
it
new putt for that so without heat pick
it up we have a source right let me add
just a thumb seed oil so mix it all well
you cannot marinate for 30 minutes like
that that's why I said we need lots of
care and time to make it pay if you have
a more time you can keep reducing so you
can get more deep flavor of broth right
so let me just put it like that
so get even flavor you can't like F like
every five minutes you can just move the
shore leaves like that
so you marinate first then I'm gonna add
I'm gonna cook it after 30 minutes then
add once it boiled I'm gonna take 1 cup
of broth and put it here because it's
going to be too salty and after that I'm
gonna add lots of ingredient in there
but not from beginning otherwise it's
going to be four parts marry this five
twenty five minutes and actually like
two months ago was my father's birthday
so we asked it a one who want to eat
because we getting orders we have to
treat him and he definitely asked us to
make this Shirley Kyle victim and
actually I'm cooking every day so he
thought I'm gonna be carried tired so he
was my second sister to make this and
she never done it before even though
she's Korean is she's like 30 over 35
I'm not gonna say exact
and she was almost cry I never done it
before what I'm gonna do so I gave her
my recipe and it turns out really well
and you are watching this all the
process so even though you're for dinner
I think you can make it without any
mistake all right
while we are waiting for that I told you
I'm going to show you how to peel the
ginkgo nuts so you put a little bit of
oil sing it as easily and if you put
that here like a honey or like corn
syrup then it's easy to peel out but
today we have a too much ingredient so
I'm not gonna add it later I show you
because the Korean people use ginkgo not
a lot so I'm going to show you next time
so you get just keep top aides so when
it's popping out then you will see that
the skin is have killed naturally then
I'm going to transport that to here
kitchen towel they Rock and that's it
I'm going to start hit it up so when
it's smoothly hit it off then add one
cup of broth that I have sorry
very fancy just prepare you can peel it
like that
easy
all right so I need ten piece but I told
you before you know to worry about it
even though you don't have this you
cannot again flip it then I have more
time to do that see the key you squeeze
out the water and always the stem off to
that set then call it quarter be ready
and if you don't have dry the seat a key
you just press it a key but pre read the
last minute right it's been boiling
starts boiling is last cooking process
when you have this you're gonna add one
cup of broth and keep cooking it so what
was the sauce and all the broth mixture
is reduced by half then you add all the
ingredients so stick around more than
like five minutes turn it down a little
bit so it's gonna be praised we can
braise in the open but also under
stopped me while you are waiting I add
chestnuts and this is readies carrots
and ginkgo nut and C Turkey and you know
keep cooking it I'm gonna simmer it
actually braising so after like 10
minutes I think it's gonna be really
tender and cooked see it's already
tender so this isn't not exact what I
want is not desired texture it should be
more like sticky little bit so you keep
shouting like that and absolutely you
cover it when you break and jujube a
also free cover and I will show you when
I played it and last minute you can add
that culture again alright welcome back
it's been braising like over 30 minutes
for 30 to 40 minutes all the flavor I
to princeless the closer like that too
shiny
very cool minutes then you can get the
Korean the most luxury and expensive
Korean food ever so it's time to plate
finally I know you need lots of time but
um get get a time together
you know very delicious and healthy
foods it has lots of protein and let's
of best of it in there so you need rice
and bread that's it or kimchi and it's
really good combination of cucumber cold
soup because something like hot or spicy
food really go well with cucumber cold
soup so you can click on next time
let's keep breathing
see if you don't like the bone you can
take take that out like that you can
take just beep that see it how tender it
is
there you go turn off so thank you for
watching a long time I wish you can come
here enjoy that yummy food with me but
you can try it right okay thank you bye
bye